MACRO castsequence


- Macro commands

Performs the specified actions in order.

/castsequence [options] reset=condition1/... action1, action2, ...

Contents

    1 Usage
    2 Arguments
    3 Details
    4 Examples



Usage

This command accepts secure command options. The value associated with the first satisfied condition will be interpreted as described below, and an action will be performed at the condition target (or your current target, or the implied target if the condition did not specify an explicit target). If no conditions are satisfied, no action will be performed.



Arguments

reset=condition
    If you wish to specify a condition to reset the list, you may do so here. Format is "reset=" followed by the reset condition, more than one condition may be set. When using more than one condition, "/" should be used between the functions.

        <number> - The number of seconds since the command was last executed with these parameters
        target - You changed target
        combat - You entered or exited combat
        alt - Alt was pressed
        shift - Shift was pressed
        ctrl - Ctrl was pressed

action1, action2, ...
    A comma-separated list of actions to perform in sequence. You may use any way of specifying an action accepted by /cast here, including spell names and item names.



Details

This command will not advance to the next action in the comma-separated list if the previous action was not performed successfully: instead, it will attempt to perform that action until it either succeeds, or the reset condition of the sequence is triggered (in which case the sequence will return to the first action in the list).



Examples

This will cast Blessing of Might, followed by Seal of Insight:

/castsequence Blessing of Might, Seal of Insight

This will cast Hunter's Mark, followed by Aimed Shot, and will reset to Hunter's Mark if the player changes targets after casting it:

/castsequence reset=target Hunter's Mark, Aimed Shot

This will cast Exorcism, Crusader Strike, Crusader Strike, Crusader Strike, Shield of the Righteous and will reset back to Crusader Strike after leaving combat or 10 seconds after the last click (note: this will not skip Shield of the Righteous if you don't have any Holy Power):

/castsequence reset=combat/10 Exorcism, Crusader Strike, Crusader Strike, Crusader Strike, Shield of the Righteous

This will use the first sequence in a raid with a living, harmable focustarget and the second sequence elsewhere:

/castsequence [@focustarget,harm,group:raid]reset=combat/5 Exorcism, Crusader Strike, Crusader Strike, Crusader Strike, Shield of the Righteous;reset=target Exorcism, Crusader Strike, Crusader Strike, Crusader Strike, Shield of the Righteous
