Chat commands

All custom chat messages can make use of the chat substitutions to insert dynamic content into messages.

    afk - Marks you as "Away From Keyboard".
    announce - Toggle channel announcements.
    ban - Bans a user from a user-created chat channel.
    battleground - Sends a chat message to your battleground.
    csay - Sends chat text to a channel referenced by number only.
    chatinvite - Invite a user to a user-created chat channel.
    chatlist - Displays a list of users in a chat channel, or what channels you are currently a member of.
    chatlog - Enables/disables chat logging.
    combatlog - Enables/disables combat logging.
    chathelp - Displays a list of commonly used chat commands.
    ckick - Kicks a user from a user-created chat channel.
    emote - Perform an emote with the given text.
    dnd - Marks you as "Do Not Disturb".
    guild - Sends a chat message to your guild.
    join - Joins or creates a user-created chat channel.
    leave - Leaves a user-created chat channel.
    moderator - Sets moderation in a user-created chat channel.
    mute - Prevents a user from speaking (voice or text) in a user-created chat channel.
    officer - Sends a chat message to your guild's officer channel.
    owner - Displays or changes the owner of a user-created chat channel.
    password - Sets or removes a password on a user-created chat channel.
    party - Sends a chat message to your party.
    raid - Sends a chat message to your raid.
    rw - Sends a raid warning to your raid.
    reply - Replies to the last user to send you a whisper with a message.
    resetchat - Resets chat settings to default.
    say - Sends a chat message to players in your immediate local area.
    unban - Unbans a user from a user-created chat channel.
    unmoderator - Removes moderation from a user-created chat channel.
    unmute - Allows a user to speak (voice or text) in a user-created chat channel.
    whisper - Sends a private chat message to a player in a whisper.
    yell - Sends a chat message to all players in your zone.