Battle pet commands

    randomfavoritepet - Summon a random favorite battle pet.
    summonpet - Summon the specified battle pet.
    dismisspet - Dismiss your battle pet.

Blizzard Interface commands

These functions open a part of the Blizzard Interface

    achievements - Opens the Achievements interface.
    calendar - Opens the Calendar interface.
    guildfinder - Opens the Guild Finder tool.
    dungeonfinder - Opens the Dungeon Finder interface.
    loot - Open loot history
    macro - Opens the Macro interface.
    raidfinder - Opens the Raid Browser.
    share - Share to Twitter.
    stopwatch - Opens the Stopwatch interface.

Chat commands

All custom chat messages can make use of the chat substitutions to insert dynamic content into messages.

    afk - Marks you as "Away From Keyboard".
    announce - Toggle channel announcements.
    ban - Bans a user from a user-created chat channel.
    battleground - Sends a chat message to your battleground.
    csay - Sends chat text to a channel referenced by number only.
    chatinvite - Invite a user to a user-created chat channel.
    chatlist - Displays a list of users in a chat channel, or what channels you are currently a member of.
    chatlog - Enables/disables chat logging.
    combatlog - Enables/disables combat logging.
    chathelp - Displays a list of commonly used chat commands.
    ckick - Kicks a user from a user-created chat channel.
    emote - Perform an emote with the given text.
    dnd - Marks you as "Do Not Disturb".
    guild - Sends a chat message to your guild.
    join - Joins or creates a user-created chat channel.
    leave - Leaves a user-created chat channel.
    moderator - Sets moderation in a user-created chat channel.
    mute - Prevents a user from speaking (voice or text) in a user-created chat channel.
    officer - Sends a chat message to your guild's officer channel.
    owner - Displays or changes the owner of a user-created chat channel.
    password - Sets or removes a password on a user-created chat channel.
    party - Sends a chat message to your party.
    raid - Sends a chat message to your raid.
    rw - Sends a raid warning to your raid.
    reply - Replies to the last user to send you a whisper with a message.
    resetchat - Resets chat settings to default.
    say - Sends a chat message to players in your immediate local area.
    unban - Unbans a user from a user-created chat channel.
    unmoderator - Removes moderation from a user-created chat channel.
    unmute - Allows a user to speak (voice or text) in a user-created chat channel.
    whisper - Sends a private chat message to a player in a whisper.
    yell - Sends a chat message to all players in your zone.

Character commands

These commands affect your character's status, social interaction, movement, or actions

    dismount - Dismounts your character
    equip - Equip an item to its default slot.
    equipset - Change equipped items to a set stored in the Equipment Manager
    equipslot - Equip an item to a specific slot.
    friend - Adds a player to your Friends list.
    follow - Set yourself to follow the selected target
    ignore - Adds a player to your ignore list
    inspect - Opens the Inspection interface of the selected target.
    leavevehicle - Allows your character to exit their current vehicle.
    randompet - Summons a random companion pet (non-combat pet).
    removefriend - Removes a friend from your friend list.
    settitle - Sets the active title for your character.
    trade - Opens the trade interface with your current target.
    unignore - Removes a player from your ignore list

Combat commands

These functions pertain to combat

    cancelaura - Cancels (turns off) an aura you have.
    cancelqueuedspell - Cancels casting of the spell you have in the queue.
    cancelform - Cancels your current shapeshift form.
    cast - Uses the given item or casts the given spell.
    castrandom - Casts a random spell or uses a random item from the given list.
    castsequence - Casts the given spells in sequential order.
    changeactionbar - Changes your current action bar page.
    startattack - Turns on auto-attack.
    stopattack - Turns off auto-attack.
    stopcasting - Stops casting or channeling.
    stopspelltarget - Cancel the spell or ability currently being targetted.
    swapactionbar - Swaps between two given action bars.
    use - Use an item or cast a spell.
    usetoy - Use a toy.
    userandom - Casts a random spell or uses a random item from the given list.

Guild commands

    guilddemote - Demotes a guild-member.
    guilddisband - Disbands a guild.
    guildinfo - Displays information about your guild.
    guildinvite - Invites a player to join your guild.
    guildleader - Makes another guild member the new Guild Master.
    guildquit - Removes your character from your current guild.
    guildmotd - Sets the guild Message of the Day.
    guildpromote - Promotes a guild member to the next higher rank.
    guildroster - Opens the Guild window.
    guildremove - Removes a member of your guild from your guild.

Party and Raid commands

    clearworldmarker - Clears world markers
    invite - Invites a player to your party or raid.
    ffa - Sets the loot method for your raid/party to Free-For-All.
    group - Sets the loot method for your raid/party to Group Loot.
    master - Sets the loot method for your raid/party to Master Loot.
    mainassist - Set the main assist.
    mainassistoff - Clears the current Main Assist.
    maintank - Set the main tank.
    maintankoff - Clears the current Main Tank.
    promote - Promotes the given member to Party or Raid leader.
    raidinfo - Shows you what instances you are saved to, along with the Instance ID.
    readycheck - Performs a ready check in your raid or party.
    requestinvite - Request to be invited to the specified group.
    targetmarker - Sets or clears a target marker from your current target.
    threshold - Sets the loot threshold to apply loot rules.
    uninvite - Removes a player from your current party or raid.
    worldmarker - Allows placement of world markers.

Pet commands

    petassist - Sets pet to assist mode.
    petattack - Sends pet to attack currently selected target.
    petautocastoff - Turn off autocast for a pet spell.
    petautocaston - Turn on autocast for a pet spell.
    petautocasttoggle - Toggle autocast for a pet spell.
    petdefensive - Set pet to defensive.
    petdismiss - Dismiss your pet.
    petfollow - Set pet to follow you.
    petmoveto - Set pet to move to and stay at a hover-targeted location.
    petpassive - Set pet to passive mode.
    petstay - Set pet to stay where it is at.

PvP commands

    duel - Challenge another player to a duel
    forfeit - Forfeit a duel.
    pvp - Sets whether or not you are attackable by other players.
    wargame - Starts a War Game.

System commands

    console - Allows user to view or change global client-side options, or perform certain system commands.
    click - Simulate a mouse click on a button.
    disableaddons - Disables all addons and reloads the UI.
    enableaddons - Enables all addons and reloads the UI.
    help - Displays a help message with some basic commands.
    logout - Logs your character out of the game, back to the character selection screen.
    macrohelp - Displays a help message with basic information about creating and using macros.
    played - Displays information about your character's time logged in.
    quit - Exits the game.
    random - Generates a random number from 1 to 100. "/random X" rolls a number from 1 to X, "/random X Y" rolls a number from X though Y.
    reload - Reloads the User Interface.
    script - Runs a block of LUA code.
    stopmacro - Stop processing the current macro.
    time - Displays the current time
    timetest - Used for benchmarking, also shows FPS.
    who - Shows you a list of people matching filtering options.

Targeting functions

    assist - Targets a player's target.
    clearfocus - Clears the current focus target.
    cleartarget - Clears the current target.
    focus - Set a focus target
    target - Target the given unit by name.
    targetexact - Target the unit by exact name match.
    targetenemy - Cycle through nearby hostile units (no name matching).
    targetenemyplayer - Cycle through nearby hostile players (no name matching).
    targetfriend - Cycle through nearby friendly units (no name matching).
    targetfriendplayer - Cycle through nearby friendly players (no name matching).
    targetparty - Cycle through nearby party members (no name matching).
    targetraid - Cycle through nearby raid members (no name matching).
    targetlastenemy - Target the last attackable unit you had selected.
    targetlastfriend - Target the last friendly unit you had selected.
    targetlasttarget - Sets your current target to the last unit you had selected.

Metacommands

Metacommands pass data to the WoW client to affect its appearance on the action bar. Metacommands are preceded by a "#" symbol. Unknown metacommands will be silently ignored.

    #show - Affects the button's icon on the Action Bar.
    #showtooltip - Affects the button's icon and tooltip on the Action Bar.

Disabled commands

These commands are recognized by the WoW client, but do not perform any actions.

    usetalents - Change to a different dual spec.
    petaggressive - aggressive AI was replaced with assist. (deprecated in 4.2)